Created dedicated md file for TKO SaaS contents for RA (#63)
vmware-tanzu-labs/tanzu-validated-solutions: src/reference-designs/tko-saas.md

> # Tanzu for Kubernetes Operation SaaS Integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Tanzu for Kubernetes Operations SaaS Integration
```

> The SaaS products in the VMware Tanzu portfolio are in the critical path for securing systems at the heart of your IT infrastructure. VMware Tanzu Mission Control provides a centralized control plane for Kubernetes, and Tanzu Service Mesh provides a global control plane for service mesh networks. VMware Tanzu Observability by Wavefront offers observability and analytics for multi-cloud Kubernetes environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SaaS products in the VMware Tanzu portfolio are critical components for securing your IT infrastructure. VMware Tanzu Mission Control provides a centralized control plane for Kubernetes, and Tanzu Service Mesh provides a global control plane for service mesh networks. VMware Tanzu Observability by Wavefront offers observability and analytics for multi-cloud Kubernetes environments.
```

## Tanzu Mission Control

Tanzu Mission Control is a centralized management platform for consistently operating and securing your Kubernetes infrastructure and modern applications across multiple teams and clouds. It provides operators with a single control point to give developers the independence they need to drive business forward, while enabling consistent management and operations across environments for increased security and governance.

### Attaching Tanzu Kubernetes Clusters to Tanzu Mission Control

> VMware recommends that you attach the shared services and workload clusters into Tanzu Mission Control as it provides a centralized administrative interface that enables you to manage your global portfolio of Kubernetes clusters. If the Tanzu Kubernetes Grid clusters are behind a proxy, import the proxy configuration to Tanzu Mission Control and then attach the cluster using Tanzu Mission Control UI or CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VMware recommends that you attach the shared services and workload clusters into Tanzu Mission Control as it provides a centralized administrative interface that enables you to manage your global portfolio of Kubernetes clusters. If the Tanzu Kubernetes Grid clusters are behind a proxy, import your proxy configuration to Tanzu Mission Control and then attach the cluster using Tanzu Mission Control UI or CLI.
```

> **Note:** Registering Tanzu Kubernetes Grid 1.4 management cluster to Tanzu Mission Control is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Registering Tanzu Kubernetes Grid 1.4 management clusters to Tanzu Mission Control is not supported.
```
